Why React ?? 
everything in react can be done using html css and JS
but Why only React ??

React makes Developer Life easier !! 
less code and more things on website 
you would have to write thousands of lines of code for same thing but using html js css  

in todays episode: 
1. React hooks !! 

best practice is to make seperate file for each component !!  in component folder

NEVER PUT HARD CODED DATA IN component folder
like strings for images and stuff dont put them in component files 
common practice is keep it in sep file

constants should be named in CAPS_SNAKECASE

----------------PART 2--------------

by attributes like onclick in html 
onClick = {} for react 
and onMouseOver = {} and all them in js 

when we say react is Fast 
it means React is fast in DOM manipulation 
it is efficient in DOM manipulation 

when we want to our UI layer and Data
(We make UI based on data i.e. config driven UI)
 layer consistent for each other 
 it means if data changes UI should automatically change 
 this is THE EXACT PROBLEM REACT IS TRYING TO SOLVE

SUPER powerful var in React aka State Variable: 
INtro to HOOKS: 
React hooks are normal JS utility functions given to us by React. 
only diff is that function comes with superpowers  
i.e. some predefined logic behind them.. 

we have to import these function / hooks 

TWO IMP HOOKS
1.useState()
2.useEffect()

1.useState()
-used to create State Variable
-State Variable maintains the state of the component

The superpowerful Variable keeps the UI in sync with Data layer 
UI will be automatically updated when data is changed

Definition: 
Whenever a state Variable changes react re-renders the component !!! 
 
whenever a state Variables function i.e setStateVar is called state Variable will be updated anywhere 
setStateVar fn is trigger to diffing Algorithm
it is in the file structure and the component that is using that state Variable will also be re- renderd

REACTS superpower is DOM manipulation it is very fast in it 

IMP TOPICSSS: 
React uses: 33
1. Reconciliation Algorith 
  -aka ReactFiber
  -Everytime a state Variable is changed i.e. state is changed a new Virtual DOM is created 
  -work of Reconciliation Algorithm is to find the diff between  old Virtual DOM and new Virtual DOM
  - and make changes in the Actual DOM
  - Notice one point it make changes it does not reload or make New DOM again 

   

2.Virtual DOM 
  representation of Actual DOM 

so HOW IS REACT FAST ??? 
- React has Virtual DOM.. 
  -but concept of Virtual DOM was known way before ... 
  -but React devs built React core Algorithm around virtual DOM 
  -Enabling react to do efficient dom manipulation !! 
   react super fastly finds out diff bet old and new virtual dom and changes the Actual dom only those changes 


question for later !! 
state change ke baad virtual dom create hota hai kya us state variable ke liye ya uss component ke liye jisme state variable tha 

